DOC-778 Updates to Kafka components (#107)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/inputs/schema_registry.adoc

component_type_dropdown::[]

> Reads schemas from a schema registry. You can use this connector to extract and backup schemas during a data migration. This input uses the https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/sr[Franz Kafka Schema Registry client^].

Author: Is this link to the pack documentation ok?

Author: I've added a link to the library instead.

> Reads schemas from a schema registry. You can use this connector to extract and backup schemas during a data migration. This input uses the https://github.com/twmb/franz-go/tree/master/pkg/sr[Franz Kafka Schema Registry client^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reads schemas from a schema registry. You can use this connector to extract and back up schemas during a data migration. This input uses the https://github.com/twmb/franz-go/tree/master/pkg/sr[Franz Kafka Schema Registry client^].
```
